Release Notes 4.1.0 (#1488)
dotnet/SqlClient: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)

> ## [Stable release 4.1.0] - 2022-01-28

Author: ```suggestion
## [Stable release 4.1.0] - 2022-01-31
```

### Added

> - Added New Attestation Protocol `None` for enclave type `VBS` with optional `AttestationUrl`. This connection string property when set will allow users to forgo enclave attestation for VBS enclaves. [#1425](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1425)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added new Attestation Protocol `None` for `VBS` enclave types. This protocol will allow users to forgo enclave attestation for VBS enclaves. [#1425](https://github.com/dotnet/SqlClient/pull/1425)
```
